as if being fat is a problem I don't
feel anything I have no emotional
attachment to losing weight I'm not mad
at anyone discuss first favorite thing
about being fat on the internet if I get
called all of my favorite animals like
cows pigs whales and elephants I also
feel really ugly nobody even wants to
look at me know what keep talking
disgusting and I know it's done I'll
hide you % me a baby I've gained some
weight but it's also the people here the
culture the mindset I mean when I went
to the distance if I post an amazing
picture of me in a bikini
I loved it on the Internet people can
see beyond my size and they compliment
me on things like my bravery I know this
is a favorites video but I actually
think it's kind of insulting I mean
there are actual heroes out there me
wearing a bikini isn't brave I've never
ever had anyone say it to my face a
friend an enemy somewhat I've hurt
anyone I broke it up with a friend I've
never had someone refer to me is that my
face Toby and this ting so much and it's
so painful because he's right I think
any big change that you make in your
life has to be built on a foundation of
self-love and I think that's what I've
taught not only bit girls but girls of
all sizes is to make sure that any
change you're making in your life in all
actions that you're taking in your life
or base I love like my brake power me
she's so [ __ ] pretty it's just not
fair said you know well the reason
sleeping is like this which were you
know
wait I'm happy with myself at all sizes
but there are points when I feel like I
need to lose weight
like if I'm huffing and puffing when I'm
going upstairs another one for me is if
I run a mile and I'm close to the
20-minute mark I like my mile to be
around 14 to 15 minutes if I'm near 20
minutes I feel like I need to bump up my
workouts in order to stay at my personal
quota you justified it right he's like
we talk [ __ ] about a lot of people in
the minute someone says anything to you
you know what you're right you say I
don't like somebody good fighting in you
or joking with you about people we don't
like it justifies you rolling your
girlfriend fat everything a TV producer
does assistant like this for like at
least a couple of weeks I told her from
the get-go don't tell me not to eat
something don't talk they'll come up my
food don't call me weight it's something
that's so as you adults because so deep
this is what I dislike so much about
weight loss I think we lost is a
beautiful thing it can be a great
journey and process it can be a learning
experience a fitness goal in itself can
be a learning process and experience my
last favourite thing about being fat on
the internet is I get endless
unsolicited diet and nutrition advice
did you know not putting cream in my
coffee will solve all of my problems as
it being fat is a problem yeah I've been
have you dirty it was just a freak that
I really enjoy and she said don't know
you so fat you so fat really sugar sugar
sugar I've lost over 120 pounds on this
channel if you go back to my very first
video I'm a lot smaller than I am now I
lost that weight and I never mention one
thing about it the only thing that I
ever did was a clothing haul with
smaller size clothing I lost the weight
and said nothing because once you say
something have the peanut gallery they
come they appear and I'm not here for it
you should never comment on when someone
else is eating ever it's not your
business you shouldn't comment on
someone else's choices um
for fitness it's not your business like
those are things that are just personal
weight-loss and wellness or personal
choices and they're not to be commented
on by outside sources
I see people boiling down on others
Worth based on a number alone daily on
the Internet
it's literally everywhere instead of
paying attention to someone's
intellectual value their accomplishments
their morals the things that actually
matter it's all a number they'll try to
discredit you completely because of what
your body looks like what I do have a
problem with is individuals
losing weight because someone else has
him they should or because they hate
themselves so much that they feel like
they need to lose weight to be happy a
bonus Yin this is not gonna be like a
caddy shallow hateful video saying that
eating jacks is an idiot the point of
this video is actually not at all to say
the dean jackson ii i think that her
peculiar corner of the body positive fat
positive demi-monde raises some
interesting questions was talked about
she comments herself that many of the
body positive youtubers hate her and
criticize her for not being truly body
positive because her actual situation is
that she has already lost over a hundred
pounds and she is in the process of
losing another 50 pounds and that really
changes the significance of a lot of the
things she says in a subtle and profound
way so she kind of puts up this
disclaimer this sort of philosophical
abstract point that you ought to be
happy with yourself at any size and any
weight however she's lost a hundred
pounds and she's trying to lose another
50 pounds that's quite a bit different
from someone who makes the claim that
you should be happy at any weight and
therefore they don't care or if they
remain massively obese or even if they
gain another 50 pounds or gain another
hundred pounds or something so it's not
another situation um because the things
that leaps out to me I got three points
I want to talk about I don't know last
things first
you may have noticed that she goes on
the sort of odd rants against her
audience complaining basically saying
how dare you comment on her health her
diet or her appearance her weight and if
you just look at her YouTube channel or
her Instagram presence or anything else
she's doing on social media it is
entirely devoted to her health her diet
her exercise for weight her body that's
what all these videos are about so I
find that really quite bizarre now you
know if people were commenting on the
current prime minister of Germany or the
current Prime Minister of France or even
the president United States if all
they're talking about one of those
people is their body weight their health
their diet their exercise you'd say hey
come on guys this is a little bit tacky
this little bit crass it's fair game to
talk about a politician's health weight
next eyes to some extent but how can we
monomaniacal you folks in this isn't the
focus is created by eating jacks the
focus is created by this fully grown
woman so it was good as a young woman to
my knowledge she's 29 years old she's 29
on YouTube and history was a fully grown
woman and you are choosing to put out
one video after another talking about
what you're eating what exercise you're
doing how you look in a bikini etc so
are you really in a position to complain
specifically she complains that
someone's body food and fitness is
personal that it's off limits to content
on that on the internet and she herself
is earning money offering a commentary
and critique about her own body fitness
and and she wraps this up this quote
really stood out to me that she faults
her audience for paying attention to the
body the mirror body a person's mirror
beauty fitness weight physical
appearance instead of quote someone's
intellectual value when I scroll through
her list of videos on YouTube do I see
even a single video that in any way
presents or reflects on her intellectual
value now I have over 1,000 videos on my
channel I can't even say that are really
percentage of them are presenting my
intellectual values but there are
hundreds within that 1000 total um you
know you could look at the book reviews
the discussions of politics activism
philosophy history even just my work
experience or something
there's a lot of conversation of
intellectual substance on my channel so
you know yes I have had this kind of
criticism directed at me I've sometimes
it's been sane and reasonable sometimes
it's been insane and unreasonable and
sometimes I feel like look guys my
channel I have a couple videos
mentioning my exercise and diet that
that side of my life but why would there
be such overwhelming emphasis on on that
side of Michelle and the truth is the
main reason why people do it is that
they're basically trying to drag me down
to their level
and try to I don't have a tour discuss
something where they feel they can win
they feel that they're their superior to
me and you know it's it's not just sort
of stereotypical jock character to do
that if anything the opposite most of
the time it's the the stereotypical
hippies the people who are in a
so-called alternative health and raw
fruitarian diet people on that side
normally try to criticize me and attack
me and drag me down on the basis of my
diet my exercise or my or my body weight
I do the way if you want to see videos
about me I when I speak about diet
exercise the main thing I emphasize is
I'm not an athlete I don't have a lot of
time don't a lot of patience for this
here's how I managed to get a certain
amount of exercise maintain a certain
amount of strength within the
limitations of my own life some of those
limitations are imposed upon me and some
of them are limitations I impose myself
Oh starting to a guy who's an ex
bodybuilder just a couple of weeks ago
and I asked him I said you know wasn't
the biggest spending three hours a day
at the gym didn't that start to you know
bother you what you're losing out on in
life just by spending someone else's gym
and he immediately agreed with me and he
said that was the main reason why he
quit bodybuilding and I had to reflect
on also how much time I've spent in the
gym last several months and every minute
I'm at the gym I know I'm not studying
Chinese and not studying history or
politics
not writing essays or doing other pauses
or organizing vegan political activism
doing something for the movement doing
something for myself for my family for
education what have you but yes it is
bizarre truly bizarre and I think
blameworthy on a deep level when you see
someone who's basically a health and
fitness
even if body-positive of health and
fitness blogger when this is this is
your lane cleaning reproach your
audience because she claims her audience
fails to appreciate her intellectual
value instead of paying attention to
someone's intellectual value you guys
might have thought I was gonna be asking
tough questions about her you know the
shape she's in or how much wages are you
know eating jacks I think you've got to
ask yourself tough questions at age 29
what is your intellectual value you you
can't just assume this is something
sacrosanct oh maybe if people were
judging you by your intellectual value
you'd be judged much more harshly
you know the intellectual world it's
competitive it's fierce its oh you'd be
subject to criticism of a very different
kind from the type of criticism you've
been complaining but in this video if
you actually step into the ring'
intellectually whether that's about
politics the future the vegan movement
or anything else but still I'd love to
see her make the transition I would love
to see Eden Jack's Channel tomorrow
stop being about weight loss stop eating
food
stop being about hair and beauty
products and bathing suits and Anna
defer to commit herself to living up to
to her own Bossier that she has some
kind of intellectual value she wants the
world to pay attention to instead okay
you've got our attention
showing proof let's let's see what you
got all right but some something that
might have slipped past some people in
the audience but I think is worth
dwelling on for just a moment here is
her philosophical claim that any changes
you make in your life should be based on
love interested I mean philosophically
it's an interesting claim and I think it
is a hundred percent false I think that
we make changes in our lives based on
really basic instincts
and one of the most basic and
fundamental instincts not just for human
beings but at least for all mammals it's
actually curiosity you know one of the
reasons to change your life I mean you
can kind of Express that the inverse of
curiosity maybe is boredom its transport
one of the reason to change your life
one of the reasons to become more self
disciplined physically mentally
intellectually to seek out higher
education a better job to travel to a
new part of the world to take on
humanitarian work to take on political
responsibilities activism one of reasons
is actually curiosity but in talking
about this broader spectrum of
intellectual ethical political interests
how could we even describe our
motivation as so-called self-love how I
understand she's making this very
limited and specific point about weight
loss being motivated by self love rather
than self-hatred but I think you know on
a profound level it's contradictory and
even ludicrous and that starts to become
apparent if we just take the concept of
self-love and try to apply it to some
other examples in our own life and
experience now look using myself as an
example because it's convenient why did
I decide to leave Canada and move to
Cambodia when I was still in Canada was
still in downtown Toronto why did I get
the books off of the library shelf and
start studying the Cambodian language
there are still uploads in the internet
proving that was the order of operations
I didn't up in Cambodia years later
after living in Laos Thailand Sri Lanka
Hong Kong a bunch of other places but I
got the Cambodia eventually what made me
you know do that is it was its
quote-unquote self love can I say I
decided to make these changes in my life
based on self love
I think that's profoundly incoherent
other than curiosity is an element I
think you can even talk about fear fear
is the most primal instinct of all and a
lot of our behaviors in life are guided
by fear which can include the fear of
having a meaningless life not
necessarily the fear of death but the
fear that when you
your life ends wasn't worth anything
what about you know the myriad sources
of dissatisfaction contempt hatred
competition and revenge
competition is a very culturally and
psychologically complex phenomenon you
know the desire to be excellent Oh
the desire to be competitive you know so
many people today will write a book and
just dump it on the internet as a PDF
they don't care who reads it I
sympathize I mean you know a lot of
these but what if your desire is not
just to have a book that's ignored but
to have a book that's the best of the
best a book that really earns the time
and attention and interest and passion
of the readers there are competitive
instincts and there's dissatisfaction
with one's own life one's own culture as
of recently talkative and so and so
forth absolutely none of these things
can be encompassed within analyzed or
explained in terms of self love and I
think it's also true that they can't be
analyser explained in terms of self
hatred guys I understand the complaint
in Jax is offering here I myself have
been relentlessly pilloried and attacked
for being a quote/unquote fat vegan and
I've responded to this by uploading
pictures of myself with my shirt off
flexing my muscles and talking about the
fact that I can do 200 push-ups a day
and stuff and say hey look you know my
life is not about being as lean as
possible or as strong as possible or
riding a bicycle on her kilometers a day
however you know I do hold myself to a
certain standard and you know the
world's most polite and self-effacing
way Eden shacks is actually making the
same point I make to my viewers in Jack
says that she sets certain standards for
herself she says well she needs to be
able to run a mile in 14 minutes she
needs to be able to get up a staircase
of being out of breath well that's not
quite as demanding as the standards I've
said to myself I need to be able to do
200 push-ups on my knuckles while I'm
waiting for an aircraft to take off in
an airport lobby which I'm infamous for
doing by the way um my girlfriend
Melissa has seen me doing push-ups in
airport lobbies around the world at this
point
weight keeps keeps my life interesting I
and may shock and horrify other
or waiting for the same plane but hey so
be it different strokes oh you know we
do choose arbitrary goals and limits to
oppose ourselves and it's interesting to
see eating jacks is actually using a
kind of vocabulary familiar to me very
similar to the way I talk about these
things myself um but if you flip that
around why what's the point
ultimately why do we create it's for us
to live up to I gotta tell you for me
it's not beauty it's not the admiration
of others it's not to be beautiful or to
be attractive or what-have-you and I
don't think even Jack's actually
grapples with that she claims in a kind
of misleading way that you shouldn't
base these goals on what other people
think is beautiful
ie that you should base it just on what
you yourself think is beautiful okay I
don't agree with that either I think
that ultimately the question is how are
we going to lead a meaningful life how
are we gonna make
pause difference in the world and yeah
it starts with being able to walk up a
staircase it may also involve being
prepared to fall down a staircase and to
get up and maybe do okay in a fist fight
when you scrape yourself off the ground
at the bar on the staircase it may
involve carrying your luggage in and out
of the subway system here in Paris
France and all kinds of other challenges
but ultimately I mean health and the
body has got to be a means to an end
it's not gonna be in and itself for any
of us I remember a conversation ad about
Buddhist philosophy where the guy was
talking to said to me he said that he
thought that in Buddhism the basic
concept was that the mind is your temple
and I disagree with him I say no I
wouldn't that's true at all I'd say that
in tera vaada Buddhism it's more like
the body is a washcloth for the mind so
you know that if you think of the mind
as a lens or the mind as being like a
pair of glasses that you're trying to
keep your body in good shape so that you
can think clearly and then again
thinking clearly is not an in itself
ultimately this kind of vigilance
self-discipline the preparation must be
force
purpose and I think Eden Jack's is
skating close to question what that
purpose is there on life when she says
she wants to be judged not for the
number that shows up when she stands on
a scale not for how she looks when she
puts on a bikini but for her own
intellectual substance well now it's up
to you meeting Jack's and all you
wonderful people my audience to step up
and show us what kind of intellectual
substance you've got and guess what the
grass is not greener on the other side
of that hill
however nasty and backstabbing and
unkind
you think people are about your obesity
or about your weight loss struggles or
you're going to the gym and working out
people are going to be 10,000 times more
unkind if you start trying to do
original research if you start trying to
I don't know challenge conventional
wisdom or deal with inconvenient truths
of any kind whether that's under the
heading of politics philosophy or
otherwise a bonus Yin